java c
CEGEG0031 ADVANCED SOIL MECHANICS 
COURSEWORK 2 (30%) 
Individual report 
Deadline: 13 January 2025 Monday 12:00 noon, via MoodleWith a maximum   2500 words*   (excluding   figures,   graphs, tables, references   and   appendices),   write   an essay to describe the recent advances in the geotechnical stability analyses and illustrate its usage   using   the   slope   stability   analysis   as   an   example.   Reference   should   include   “Sloan,    S.W.   (2013) Geotechnique 63(7),   531-572”   and   other   relevant   papers.   The   report   must   consist   of the   following   sub-sections:
1.                            By sketching relevant diagrams,   define   (a) Upper and   (b)   Lower   Bound   solutions,   and   (c)   Limit   Equilibrium   analyses. Compare   their   differences   whether   and   how   each   of   them satisfy (i) compatibility, (ii) equilibrium and (iii)   material properties.[10%]
2.                            For the   Upper bound mechanism shown in Figure   1,   draw the   velocity   diagram   for   a unit velocity   of   the   45o   wedge   (black   arrow). (a) Derive   the   value   of   bearing   stress   qat   failure   for a long slope with a foundation at its   crest.   The   soil properties   are   undrained   shear   strength Cu = 200kPa and unit weight γ=20kN/m2. The dimensions and the weights   of   soil blocks per metre length of   the slope (W1   and W2) are   given   for your   convenience. [15%]

Figure 1 
3.                            For the same 45   o    slope of   30mheight with 20m   foundation at   the   crest   of   the   slope   (Figure 2), propose one lower bound mechanism with   1 discontinuity line, and calculate bearing stress q of   the foundation by drawing two Mohr circles diagrams.   [Cu = 200kPa and γ=20kN/m2.] Mark clearly in your Mohr Circle diagrams and the Figure   the   major principal   stress direction and Pole point of   each zone, and the rotation   of   principal   stress direction across   discontinuity. List   the   potential   limitations   of   your   Lower   bound   calculation.    [15%]
4.                            Describe   and   compare the core principles and major differences between   (a)   this   numerical Finite-Element Limit Analyses (FELA) proposed by   Sloan (2013), including its Upper and      lower bounds formulations, optimisations and the strength reduction techniques,   (b) the displacement-based elastoplastic FEM analyses adopting a constitutive model.       [10%]

Figure: 2
5.                            Register   and   download   an   academic   licence   of   the 2-dimensional Optum G2 software based on the method proposed by   Sloan (2013). Describe in detail each input   and   each   step   you adopted   to   setup   a   numerical   model, in   order   to   calculate   the maximum bearing stress at failure to the foundation at edge of   a saturated   slope   (Figure   2).      [Use   undrained   shear strength Cu = 400kPa and saturated unit weight γsat   = 20kN/m3.   (You may   assume the   dry   unit weight γdry   =   18kN/m3, Young’s modulus of   the soil could be assumed   15MPa, if needed, and   NO factored strength is needed.)]
By applying various strategies to refine and improve the accuracy   of   the   prediction, what   is your   best   estimate   of   the bearing stress at failure? [15%]
6.                            Perform. a parametric comparative study   to   investigate   how   sensitive   (a) undrained   shear
strength代 写CEGEG0031 ADVANCED SOIL MECHANICS COURSEWORK 2Processing
代做程序编程语言 Cu, (b) unit weights of   the soil γ, and   (c) width   of   foundation B,   would   affect   the maximum bearing stress. Which parameter has the most significant impact to   the   maximum   bearing   stress? [15%] 
7.                            If   drainage occurs in long term, what might happen to   your   slope,   if   the   peak   friction   angle is 40o, critical state friction angle is   30o.   By performing   a   parametric   study   on   values   of   peak   and critical state effective friction, comment   on the   stability   of   the   slope.    [10%]The report   must   include   introduction   and   conclusion*,   and   other   appropriately   used   supplementary   information e.g. figures, references, and   appendices.   The presentation   of   all   these   contribute to   10%   of   the   total   mark   as   a   general   presentation   of   your   report.    [10%]
*Please write down the [total word count] immediately after the conclusion. There would be a
penalty according to UCL rules, if   word count exceeds 2500 (excluding   figures,   graphs, reference and appendices). Please also upload to Moodle a zip   file   of   all   clearly   labelled   G2x   files.
Note There were a lot   of   youtube tutorials   about   Optum   G2, please   ensure   you   watch   these   tutorials before your own work and meeting with me.
Marking criteria: 
Exemplary    (90%-100%): Fulfilled   all   the   required   tasks   with   an   exceptional   level    of   insight,   thoroughness,   and   originality.   Comprehensive   yet   clear   and   concise.   Impeccable   English   and   presentation.
Outstanding    (80%-89.99%): Fulfilled    all    the    required    tasks    to    a    very    high    standard    with    no   significant   error   but   may   be   lacking   slightly   in   some   aspects   of   secondary   significance   (e.g.   conciseness or some minor presentation flaws).
Very Good (70%-79.99%): Shows   an   understanding   of   the   problem   and   how   to   solve   it.   Got   everything right except for a few minor errors,   inaccuracies   or presentation   flaws.
Good (60%-69.99%): Good   understanding   of the   problem   and   how   to   solve   it.   Got   most   of the   results right but made   a   few mistakes   or   showed   some   slight   misunderstandings.   Good   overall   presentation   but   maybe   lacking   in   a   few   places.
Satisfactory    (50%-59.99%): Shows    a    Satisfactory    understanding    of   the    problem    and    solves    a   significant   fraction   of it   correctly but may contain   some   serious mistakes or misunderstanding.   Presentation acceptable but can be poor in places.
Fair (40%-49.99%): Most requirements attempted but shows limited understanding   of   the   problem or       detailed       knowledge.       Contains         mistakes,         misunderstandings,          or       irrelevant       material.   Organisation and expression and presentation inadequately poor and standard or presentation.
Fail (0%-39.99%): Very   limited   understanding   of the   question   asked   and how   to   answer   it.   Some   marginally   relevant   material   and   limited   content   but   badly   organised   with   frequent   errors   and   misconceptions.   Serious   weaknesses   in   presentation. Also   applies   to   submissions   that   are   most completely irrelevant, messy or missing altogether, or submissions showing   clear plagiarism.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
